Executive Summary
Talk about what the goal of this lab is !
The purpose of this lab is being able to describe data, databases, data managment system and all the role they play.

Data, Information and Knowledge
Relational Data
What is the difference between data, information and knowledge?
Data can be quantitative or qualitative. Quantitative data is numeric, the result of a measurement, Information is letting someone know the answer from the Data and Results of information produces knowledge which can be used to make certain decisions. 

If you were creating a database for a small company and two tables you identify are customers and orders explain the following: (be sure to use the example in the chapter as a guide - customers and orders would be like clubs and events) 

a) What would be the primary key in the customers and orders table?
The primary key would be the shipping information of the item they want to buy. (The key is the unique identifier for each record in the table).

b) How would the customers and orders table be related?
The customers and order table are related because the customers are the ones maing the orders. (They can be related because that is how they can be identified).

c) What would be the foreign key in the orders table?
Foreign key connects to the Primary key. (The foreign key points to the primary key) 

d) The orders table would likely have a date field. Explain why it is important to properly define the data type of a field.
It is important for the order table to have a date field so they can know when they ordered it. it is important to properly define the data type of field so when information like the delivery date is added it will be quickly noticed. 

Big Data
Briefly describe the four "Vs" of big data
The four "Vs" of big data is volume, variety, velocity and veracity. 

What types of technology have driven the increased need for big data?
The technology that have driven the increased need for big data is data brokers, Grindgrain, cloudera and storm.

Structured Query Language (SQL)
Explain RDBMS and how it relates to SQL and the purpose of SQL
Pick two related tables from the diagram provided in the "module - SQL" and explain the relationship between them a) which is the primary key? b) which is the foreign key?
Using W3Schools, try out a a) select statement a) where clause and upload screenshots of the results.
Explain how SQL injections are a security threat and what can be done to reduce the issue.
Conclusion
Include what you have learnt from this lab
